## Protocol of the *BBT* task   

Author: Ana Luisa Pinho and Juan Jesús Torre  
email: ana.pinho@inria.fr  

Compatibility: Expyriment 0.9.0 or newer / Python 2.7  
Preset resolution of the screen: 1024x768  

To launch the protocol, please run the script `movie_protocol.py` and choose an argument for the session. Make sure the directory with the video files exists. Example (under ipython) to lauch session #1:

> `run movie_protocol.py 1`

The names and paths of input files (among other parameters) can be changed in the config file.

To change the video files to be launched by the protocol, edit the ".csv" file and make sure the video files directory is properly updated.

In order to select the block number from which the protocol shall start, please note that the numeration starts from "0".

At the end of each block, i.e. when the corresponding message is displayed, press __ENTER__ to go to the next block. The TTL fixation cross is immediately displayed on the screen.

Attention: Do not kill the process with __Ctrl+C__! Otherwise the log files are not created. The log files are generated by either running the script till the end or pressing anytime the __ESC__. If you're running the protocol under ipython and press __ESC__ key, the log files are only updated with the latest registries after exiting ipython.

_________________________________________________________________________________________________  

The video stimuli of each run corresponded to the contiguous display of one chapter of the 2000 DVD edition of the movie *The Good, the Bad and the Ugly* dubbed into french. The onset time of each chapter is provided next:  

Chapter 1  - 00:00:00  
Chapter 2  - 00:08:48  
Chapter 3  - 00:16:48  
Chapter 4  - 00:26:48  
Chapter 5  - 00:36:48  
Chapter 6  - 00:46:48  
Chapter 7  - 00:56:48  
Chapter 8  - 01:06:48  
Chapter 9  - 01:16:48  
Chapter 10 - 01:26:48
Chapter 11 - 01:36:48
Chapter 12 - 01:46:48
Chapter 13 - 01:56:48
Chapter 14 - 02:06:48
Chapter 15 - 02:16:48
Chapter 16 - 02:26:48
Chapter 17 - 02:36:48
Chapter 18 - 02:46:48  


