## Script of the RSVP Language task  

Author: Ana Luisa Pinho, Christophe Pallier  
e-mail: ana.pinho@inria.fr  

Compatibility: Python 2.7 / Expyriment 0.7.0 (Revision 7a6b73d) or older  

Preset resolution of the screen: 1920x1080

To launch the protocol, please run the script `language.py`. Make sure the directory with the input files exists. The path of this directory shall be defined in the config file.

In order to select the block number from which the protocol shall start, please note that the numeration starts from 0.

To reorder trials within each block according to a pre-specified sequence, please uncomment the corresponding routine in `protocol.py`. Make sure the directory with the files containing the new sequences exist. The path of this directory shall also be defined in the config file.

To go back to the main menu, press __h__ key anytime. To leave/pause the experiment, press __ESC__ key anytime.

In instructions, __a__ and __p__ keys stand for left and right buttons, respectively. This can be changed in the config file. Press __ENTER__ to go to the following slide; press __LEFT__ to go to the previous slide.

At the end of each block, i.e. when the corresponding message is displayed, press __ENTER__ to go to the next block. The TTL fixation cross is immediately displayed on the screen. (Note: You don't need to go back to the main menu and launch the protocol for the upcoming block.)

Attention: Do not kill the process with __Ctrl+C__, otherwise the log files are not created. The log files are generated by either running the script till the end or pressing anytime the __ESC__ or the __h__ key. If you're running the protocol under ipython and press __h__ key, the log files are only updated with the latest registries after exiting ipython.
