## Protocol of the Mental-Time Travel battery  

Authors: Ana Luisa Pinho, Baptiste Gauthier  
email: ana.pinho@inria.fr

Compatibility: Expyriment 0.7.0 (Revision 7a6b73d) or older / pygame version 1.9.3 or newer  
Preset resolution of the screen: 1024x768

To launch the protocol, please run the script `mtt.py` along with the arg val concerning the story to be presented.

--> To launch the protocol with the story of the island west/est:

`python mtt.py we`

--> To launch the protocol with the story of the island south/north:

`python mtt.py sn`

Make sure the directory with the input files exists.

To generate the directory with the input files, run first the script `../randomization/randinputs_withanswers.py`. Read `README.md` in the corresponding directory for details.

The names and paths of input files (among other parameters) can be changed in the config file.

In order to select the block number from which the protocol shall start, please note that the numeration starts from O.

To go back to the main menu, press __h__ key anytime. To leave/pause the experiment, press __ESC__ key anytime.

For instructions, __a__ and __p__ keys stand for left and right buttons, respectively. This can be changed in the config file. Press __ENTER__ to go to the following slide; press __LEFT__ to go to the previous slide.

At the end of each block, i.e. when the corresponding message is displayed, press __ENTER__ to go to the next block. The TTL fixation cross is immediately displayed on the screen. (Note: You don't need to go back to the main menu and launch the protocol for the upcoming block.)

Attention: Do not kill the process with __Ctrl+C__! Otherwise the log files are not created. The log files are generated by either running the script till the end or pressing anytime the __ESC__ or the __h__ key. If you're running the protocol under ipython and press __h__ or __ESC__ key, the log files are only updated with the latest registries after exiting ipython.
